ARROW-15972: [Java][Doc] Add Getting Started section (#12739)
apache/arrow: docs/source/java/overview.rst

columnar format and IPC. Most modules are native Java implementations,
but some modules are JNI bindings to the C++ library.

.. list-table:: Arrow Java Modules
   :widths: 25 50 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Module
     - Description
     - Implementation
   * - arrow-format
     - Generated Java files from the IPC Flatbuffer definitions.
     - Native
   * - arrow-memory-core
     - Core off-heap memory management libraries for Arrow ValueVectors.
     - Native
   * - arrow-memory-unsafe
     - Memory management implementation based on sun.misc.Unsafe.
     - Native
   * - arrow-memory-netty
     - Memory management implementation based on Netty.
     - Native
   * - arrow-vector
     - An off-heap reference implementation for Arrow columnar data format.
     - Native
   * - arrow-tools
     - Java applications for working with Arrow ValueVectors.
     - Native
   * - arrow-jdbc
     - (Experimental) A library for converting JDBC data to Arrow data.
     - Native
   * - arrow-plasma
     - (Experimental) Java client for the Plasma object store.
     - Native
   * - flight-core
     - (Experimental) An RPC mechanism for transferring ValueVectors.
     - Native
   * - flight-grpc

>      - (Experimental) Contains utility class to expose Flight gRPC service and client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - (Experimental) Contains utility classes to expose Flight gRPC service and client.
```

     - Native
   * - flight-sql

>      - (Experimental) Contains utility classes to expose Flight SQL semantics for clients and servers over Arrow Flight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - (Experimental) Implements SQL semantics for clients and servers over Arrow Flight.
```

     - Native
   * - flight-integration-tests
     - Integration tests for Flight RPC.
     - Native
   * - arrow-performance
     - JMH benchmarks for the Arrow libraries.
     - Native
   * - arrow-algorithm
     - (Experimental) A collection of algorithms for working with ValueVectors.
     - Native
   * - arrow-avro
     - (Experimental) A library for converting Avro data to Arrow data.
     - Native
   * - arrow-compression
     - (Experimental) A library for working with compression/decompression of Arrow data.
     - Native
   * - arrow-c-data
     - Java implementation of `C Data Interface`_
     - JNI
   * - arrow-orc
     - (Experimental) A JNI wrapper for the C++ ORC reader implementation.
     - JNI
   * - arrow-gandiva
     - Java wrappers around the native Gandiva SQL expression compiler.
     - JNI
   * - arrow-dataset
     - Java bindings to the Arrow Datasets library.
     - JNI

Arrow Java modules support working with data (1) in-memory, (2) at rest, and (3) on-the-wire.

> For more detail about how to install this modules please review `Installing Java Modules`.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this, don't we have install instructions as one of the sidebar items already?

Author: Deleted

> Arrow Java In-Memory (The Physical Layer)

Reviewer: I think we can just keep the table and we don't need the rest of this file. Most of this content is already present in other documentation.

Author: Deleted

.. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
.. or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
.. distributed with this work for additional information
.. regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
.. to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
.. "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
.. with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

.. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
.. software distributed under the License is distributed on an
.. "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
.. KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
.. specific language governing permissions and limitations
.. under the License.

.. default-domain:: java
.. highlight:: java

===================
High-Level Overview
===================

.. contents::

Arrow Java modules is created using specification such as Columnar Format, Off-Heap
Memory, Serialization and Inter Process Communication (IPC). Some of the Java modules

> was created with their own native implementations and others through bindings.

Reviewer: "The Apache Arrow Java modules implement various specifications including the columnar format and IPC. Most modules are native Java implementations, but some modules are JNI bindings to the C++ library."

Author: Changed

Arrow Java provides several building blocks; ``data types`` describe the types of values;
``ValueVectors`` are sequences of typed values; ``fields`` describe the types of columns in
tabular data; ``schemas`` describe a sequence of columns in tabular data and
``VectorSchemaRoot`` represents tabular data. Arrow also provides ``readers`` and

> ``writers`` for loading data from and persisting data to storage.

Author: Deleted

> Arrow Java Modules

Reviewer: We should have either the table or the prose, but I don't think we need both. I think just the table is enough.

Author: Deleted

------------------

> Arrow Java are divided in these modules to offer in-memory columnar data structures:

Reviewer: I don't think the sentence adds anything

Author: Deleted

.. list-table:: Arrow Java Modules
   :widths: 25 50 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Module
     - Description

>      - Root Decision

Reviewer: Name this column "Implementation", and the rows can either be "Native" or "JNI".

Author: Changed

   * - arrow-format
     - Generated Java files from the IPC Flatbuffer definitions.
     - Native implementation
   * - arrow-memory-core
     - Core off-heap memory management libraries for Arrow ValueVectors.
     - Native implementation
   * - arrow-memory-unsafe

>      - Allocator and utils for allocating memory in Arrow based on sun.misc.Unsafe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Memory management implementation based on sun.misc.Unsafe.
```

     - Native implementation
   * - arrow-memory-netty

>      - Netty allocator and utils for allocating memory in Arrow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Memory management implementation based on Netty.
```

Reviewer: Can we also link to Netty?

     - Native implementation
   * - arrow-vector
     - An off-heap reference implementation for Arrow columnar data format.
     - Native implementation
   * - arrow-tools
     - Java applications for working with Arrow ValueVectors.
     - Native implementation
   * - arrow-jdbc
     - (Experimental) A library for converting JDBC data to Arrow data.
     - Native implementation
   * - arrow-plasma
     - (Experimental) Java client for the Plasma object store.
     - Native implementation
   * - flight-core
     - (Experimental) An RPC mechanism for transferring ValueVectors.
     - Native implementation
   * - flight-grpc
     - (Experimental) Contains utility class to expose Flight gRPC service and client.
     - Native implementation
   * - flight-sql
     - (Experimental) Contains utility classes to expose Flight SQL semantics for clients and servers over Arrow Flight.
     - Native implementation
   * - flight-integration-tests
     - Integration tests for Flight RPC.
     - Native implementation
   * - arrow-performance

>      - JMH Performance benchmarks for other Arrow libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - JMH benchmarks for the Arrow libraries.
```

     - Native implementation
   * - arrow-algorithm
     - (Experimental) A collection of algorithms for working with ValueVectors.
     - Native implementation
   * - arrow-avro
     - (Experimental) A library for converting Avro data to Arrow data.
     - Native implementation
   * - arrow-compression

>      - (Experimental) A library for working with the compression/decompression of Arrow data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - (Experimental) A library for working with compression/decompression of Arrow data.
```

     - Native implementation
   * - arrow-c-data

>      - Java implementation of C Data Interface

Reviewer: Can we link to the C Data Interface page?

     - Bindings
   * - arrow-orc
     - (Experimental) A JNI wrapper for the C++ ORC reader implementation.
     - Bindings
   * - arrow-gandiva
     - Java wrappers around the native Gandiva SQL expression compiler.
     - Bindings
   * - arrow-dataset
     - Java implementation of Arrow Dataset API/Framework
     - Bindings

> Arrow Java modules offer support to work data (1) in-memory, (2) at rest and (3) on-the-wire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arrow Java modules support working with data (1) in-memory, (2) at rest, and (3) on-the-wire.
```

For more detail about how to install this modules please review

> :doc:`Installing Java Modules <install>`.

Reviewer: This is already in the sidebar, no need to repeat IMO

Author: Deleted
